we have a lot to get to a lot of it has
to do with the coronavirus which as you
know was started by Netflix to get
people to watch more of their television
the virus was officially declared a
pandemic by the World Health
Organization today major events are
being canceled postponed the tax
deadline may even get postponed they're
thinking about pushing tax day past
April 15th Jeff Bezos heard that and
said Wow
what's tax day the n-c-double-a
announced today at the basketball
tournament March Madness will go on but
without fans will be no spectators
outside of the players families allowed
in the arena they should also consider
playing without a ball that's just a
petri dish being bounced from one pair
of hands to another starting tomorrow
night the Golden State Warriors will be
playing their home games without a crowd
- which is unusual but basketball games
and the pros have been played without
fans before the Clippers did it for many
heroes and in part in part because of
all these cancellations a lot of people
don't seem to know how what to think
about the corona virus what to feel
should I be scared of people
overreacting what's true it's not true
and it's actually very common it's
totally normal to feel that way many
have the same thoughts and so I thought
this might help these are the five
stages of corona virus so first you have
denial I'm not going to get the corona
virus only old people Chinese people and
people on cruise ships get that second
anger why isn't there any toilet paper
at Target is everybody nuts then
bargaining all right there maybe there's
no Purell maybe I'll make my own hand
sanitizer with Jergens and vodka but
next comes depression I can't believe
they canceled Coachella I'm not going to
get to see Carly Rae Jepsen for a year
now and finally acceptance which is hey
you know what if I die
maybe I'll get to meet Prince
okay the fear is spreading not just here
in the United States people are losing
their minds all over the world the
nation of Italy has closed all shops
except for groceries and pharmacies
which seems to be what they do every
time I go on vacation there anyway
everything's closed and in the land down
under look at this video this is a
security camera showing the toilet paper
aisle at a grocery store in Australia
which I really I don't understand the
hoarding toilet paper thing that's not
the problem you have but imagine getting
trampled to death buying Charmin it
really would be a sad way to go the
president addressed the nation tonight
he has been spreading mixed messages
about this virus federal health
officials would reportedly like Donald
Trump to stop shaking hands in public
Trump said he doesn't care he's gonna
continue to move on those hands like a
and it doesn't but that actually
makes sense to me the man needs Big Macs
for breakfast and sleeps in a tanning
bed you think he's gonna suddenly start
listening to doctors the good news for
Donald Trump is that because of his tiny
tiny hands even a travel sized bottle of
Purell is like a lifetime supply and he
meets the definition of being at risk he
shook hands on Friday with Congressman
Doug Collins who is now in quarantine
and they even gave a little kiss
and while Trump has refused to stop
shaking hands for now at least his staff
appears to have found a creative
solution to keep his nubby little digits
in check a lot of them are things that
you wanted to get for other things and
we're looking at the people solving this
problem also some very good numbers
coming out of several countries where it
started earlier and we're seeing some
fairly good numbers come out of those
countries that's a good thing even the
commander of the corona task force space
force vice-president Mike Pence is on
the same page handshake wise with Donald
Trump as the president has said in our
line of work you shake hands when
someone wants to shake your hand and I
expect the president will continue to do
that I'll continue to do it no that's
interesting because while he claims
he'll continue to do that you can see
Mike Pence hasn't been shaking hands
whenever he's not with the president
he's out there bumping elbows with
everybody he runs into he's bumping
elbows with his L bros all the time
makes you wonder what else he's doing
the president doesn't know about you
know the move pence was doing by the way
is something that I have branded the L
bump it's a handshake alternative and
it's catching on with people like the
gang at ESPN's first take all right guys
you know how we normally start the show
high-five fist bump well Jimmy Kimmel's
looking out for us he came up with a new
way so we don't spread the corona virus
it's called that L bump so he could just
do like what's going on everybody
welcome in to First Take okay they're
just a nod it was not just that it is
corny really and I love me some Jimmy
Kimmel but that is corny and more
importantly the elbow puts you closer to
the person where the fist bumps lesser
distance Jimmy think man think distance
distance can we just bow like the
Japanese yeah
yes match you could bow like the
Japanese but or you can do the elbow is
what I want people to do and Steven I'm
gonna tell you something I will pray for
you and your
that you do not get this coronavirus
just keep distance you can do it like
this
now Jalen Rose and David Jacoby elbow
exactly that's how you do it and that's
why those two will live forever these
are these are very these are at several
times things are a very l bumpy between
Donald Trump and Nancy Pelosi right now
Trump reportedly refuses to meet with
Nancy Pelosi about the corona virus or
anything which is I think it's just
gonna make the eventual makeup sex
hotter but be warmer Democratic
candidate and spiritual leader or
something I don't know what she is
Marianne Williamson is back doing her
part to combat the corona virus she
offered a special coronavirus meditation
and watch this because it's important to
remember that this person was running
for president now what I want to do now
is a meditation with you because what's
happening is that the panic that we're
all being thrown into the fear that
we're being thrown into actually
decreases the the functioning of our
immune system watch and feel as this
light now enters into your brain your
stomach your cervix your penis your
vagina your buttocks
gosh my cervix feels better already
thank you Mary Ann the government is
cracking down right now on those selling
bogus remedies for the virus
those include disgraced TV sell
evangelist Jim Baker the Food and Drug
Administration and Federal Trade
Commission warning vendors for selling
fraudulent kovat 19 products this
influenza among those warned
televangelist Jim Baker who sold this
silver solution on his show you're
saying that Silver's solution would be
effective well let's say it hasn't been
tested on this strain of the corona
virus but it's been tested on other
strange on of the corona virus and has
been able to eliminate it within 12
hours
yeah totally dominated kills it and
deactivates it deactivates it and it
gives you super powers too
Jim Baker if you don't know Jim Baker is
he looks like he's playing Wolf Blitzer
in the porno version of CNN but he was a
televangelist and he went to prison and
that silver stuff isn't even the
weirdest product he's selling that would
be this it is a bucket of freeze-dried
Mexican food for the apocalypse called
the Fiesta pail fiesta n pail two words
that go together like chewing gum and
soup but that's really but apparently
this stuff the food in the pail is said
to be the real OD low this food is so
good
it passes the official Mexican test this
is Mexican food that real-life Mexicans
approve of you know this is not gringo
food this is good care most is that food
that real live Mexicans approve a
he's not telling the truth that oh he's
nice oh my goodness
yesterday in Russia they passed a bill
that will allow flattener Putin to
remain in power until the year 2036
which is 12 years longer than he was
supposed to be ruling that can please
somebody please hide all the newspapers
in the White House from Donald Trump
because if he sees this we're in for a
long run Putin squeaked by with an arrow
hundred and fifty percent of the vote he
got the boat went three hundred eighty
three yes zero knows for real this will
allow him to remain in office until he's
83 that's almost old enough to be
President of the United States right now
we are what we're still trying to figure
out who's gonna run the country for the
next four years yesterday there were
primaries in six states and it was a
good night for Joe Biden he won in
Michigan and three other states he's got
a big edge on Bernie Sanders Biden is
the clear front-runner now you remember
when that guy Nik Wallenda walked on a
tightrope across that active volcano
that's what it's gonna feel like
watching Joe Biden to open his mouth
every day between now and November many
are many of giving credit Biden's
victory to his new campaign strategy of
grabbing voters by the arm and shouting
look here Jack you're a jerk who can go
to hell
so Biden did well with voters over 45
and Bernie did well with voters under
basically if you're a Democrat who's had
a colonoscopy Joe is your guy tulsi
gabbard is still running technically in
the same way the movie Katz was
technically running for an Academy Award
but
now that Biden is moved into the lead he
seems to be looking past his opponents
and toward trying to remind us of an old
friend I'm Joe Biden and I have met
Barack Obama I have stood next to him I
have set behind him I have touched him
I have even smelled his neck as Barack
Obama and I like to say to each other
a lot when we are together which is
often yes we've met hi I'm Barack Obama
and I am in Aruba floating on a tube I
am Judy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed that
video hit subscribe and all your dreams
will come true assuming your dreams are
to watch more YouTube videos